Is this is legal?

Here's a nexcerpt from ALDi's TOS that makes me think so.


4. Use of Materials on the Services

Unless otherwise explicitly specified, all material, content or information on the Services
(including, without limitation, text, design, graphics, trademarks, logos, service marks, icons, designs, data, images, audio clips, advertising copy, past, present and future versions of the Services,
domain names, interfaces, source and object code and software, as well as the selection and arrangement thereof), (collectively, “Service Content”) is the exclusive property of and owned by ALDI,
its licensors or its content providers and is protected from unauthorized use, copying and dissemination by copyright, trademark and other applicable laws, rules, regulations and treaties.
You may access, copy, download and print the material, content or information contained on the Services for your personal and non-commercial use, provided you do not modify or delete any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice that appears on the material, content or information you access, copy, download or print. 
Any other use of material, content or information on the Services, including but not limited to the modification, distribution, transmission, performance, broadcast, publication, uploading, licensing, reverse engineering, 
transfer or sale of, or the creation of derivative works from, any material, content, information, software, products or services obtained from the Services, or use of the Services for purposes competitive to ALDI, 
is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of ALDI.   The foregoing prohibition expressly includes, without limitation using any portion of the Service Content to train or otherwise include in large
language models, artificial intelligence technologies, or other machine learning tools, products, services, or features.   You agree to abide by all additional restrictions displayed on the Services as may be
updated from time to time.   ALDI reserves the right to refuse or cancel any person’s Account (as defined below), remove any person from the Services or prohibit any person from using the Services for any reason whatsoever. 
You agree that Service Content is provided to you under a license that is revocable at any time in ALDI’s sole discretion.   ALDI neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials, content or information on
the Services will not infringe rights of third parties not affiliated with ALDI.

This portion right here. Thank you for being cool ALDI. This is why they are my favoirte store, they don't just deny access and gatekeep PUBLIC INFORMATION like so many other sites I've tried.

You may access, copy, download and print the material, content or information contained on the Services for your personal and non-commercial use, provided you do not modify or delete any copyright,
trademark or other proprietary notice that appears on the material, content or information you access, copy, download or print.

If someone charged you for this... get your money back.

-PM